Gvbvdxx Chat is what got me banned from Scratch.
JavaScript is what most websites are written in.
Random rants + is basically Gvbvdxx Chat, but better.
Created mostly on chromebooks, for chromebooks!
Random rants + is mostly inactive at the time this was written.
I don't really code in C++ or that, rather I code with Electron JS.
Random Rants + can be "installed" onto your device. Keep in mind that you will still need internet to use, and open it.
About 1200 and more files have been uploaded, and it keeps going!
WebRTC is cool, but difficult to impliment to Random Rants.
The first Random Rants, Gvbvdxx Chat, had a security problem within its message system... But dont worry much about Random Rants +, its security is even better.
Helicopter, helicopter!
I have limited or no internet access, so don't expect Random Rants + to be updated all the time when I'm at home.
I know more than JavaScript, but JavaScript is the programming language I best succeed in.
Elementary school was better, in kindness.
Clickity Clackity! (Its keyboard sounds)
You can make your text bold by surrounding it with [bold] and [/bold].
You can make your text colorful by surrounding it with [color css=green] and [/color]. You can replace green with any color name, or even a color hex code!
You can make your text blurred by surrounding it with [blur] and [/blur]. If you click the blurred text, it would unblur it.
I can't spell certian words sometimes...
Although I do write alot of code for things, ChatGPT is quite handy sometimes.
Some images are made with the Scratch 3.0 paint editor.
It's difficult to debug things, because I mostly make Random Rants + in class with a mostly locked down district chromebook.
WebRTC has problems sometimes.
The internet is my world!
The "ultimate" unblocked chatting program!
I would probally spend 24 hours on a computer, if I could.
I get grounded commonly, how could I possibly ever know why?
Random Rants + is somewhat open source, but not documented much.
I usually would have 20 or more tabs open if I run into a lot of programming issues.
My username "gvbvdxx" was just me pressing random keys on my keyboard to get my username, it was not thought out when being typed.
I don't get paid to make these websites.
I have ADHD... I might be becoming autistic soon...
When I was transitioning between 5th grade into 6th, what I actually did on break was just me on my PC for most of the day and night. Also ate a bunch of square party pizza and stuff.
It's not a good idea to reload a bunch of times.
I learned JavaScript from writing Internet Explorer pages, then it went to Google Chrome.
Computers are amazing!
I rather code for my schoolwork.
console.log('This is amazing!');
I used to have a Scratch account, the username for it is \"gvbvdxx\", but it was deleted.
If glitch.com did not exist, Random Rants + would not exist!
I like computers, a little too much?
My Roblox username is catc232.
Jason Evans was here.
Although it might not seem true, I actually do make Roblox games.
Although I seem like a bad person, I can actually be useful sometimes.
Some of my own facts about me... Offend me a little too much...
Eli does not own this site, but rather suggested me to make it.
School grades are just a number......right?
Time for some Super Sonic speed!
I am proud of my websites, and everything I created.
Just because my websites are mostly written using vanillia JavaScript, does not mean their terrible.
I don't spend money to make my websites.
Who needs sports, when you can just play a competitive computer game?
Who needs discord, when you got this?
Don't throw me into water! I can't swim!
These websites where blocked at once, but I somehow requested the blocker's help email, and they unblocked these websites for everyone (in my school). Weird am I right?
Powered by glitch.com!
If Random Rants + breaks randomly, don't panic. It could just mean im editing the code.
It's not a great idea to reload every time you want to see a new fact.
Random Rants + is not dead, stop asking me.
Windows 11 or Windows 10... Oh wait! They are the same thing!
I am more diffrent on the internet, than in real life.
Using the user pallete colors means that anyone can change your user color.
You where able to view any file uploaded to the server, but now it's a bit more secured.
People can beleive anything these days...
I can almost litterally form chunks of code, in my brain!
Uh oh... Stinky!
Random Rants + is not actually the first chatting program I made, though the other Random Rants is based on the source code of my first chatting program.
I used to invite scratchers (people on the scratch website) to my chatting program (like Random Rants). This also adds to the reason why my Scratch account was banned and deleted.
Random Rants + is updated mostly when I am at school.
Random Rants + is going to be somewhat a better version of Random Rants
You might notice that Random Rants + takes a lot of requests to load.
You can stack bracket codes to do things like bold and colored text at the same time. Like this: [bold][color css=green]Bold green text[/color][/bold]
WAKE UP ITS TIME TO LEAVE DREAMLAND!
Ballz!
I wonder what Goombas taste like.
Was I sleeping with my eyes open again?
2036, the heat death of the universe. 2036, the heat death of the universe. 2036, the heat death of the universe. 2036, the heat death of the universe.
Reheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheh